What happened to your husband?
Leave you alone here.
Talking about these is a dead end for Sanzi.
But Li Ren still has a high fever?
What's going on?
Master Five, this patient is lucky to have bleeding and a high fever?
The family members don’t know where to go. Isn’t this from the Gu family?
You said he is pregnant? Yes?
However, it is not certain whether the child can be saved when he is so angry?
A Chang arranges for the best experts, family members, family members, family members, family members, family members, family members, family members, family members, family members, family members, family members, family members, family members, family members, family members, family members, family members, family members, family members, family members, family members family family family family
and save her child
The Gu family is our biggest investment
If the Gu family shows off
Specially delivered to our hospital
I can’t eat much, but I’m the owner.